Is this Mu Yan's new boyfriend?
If you didn't say it, I thought it was the driver.
Mu Yan
You were a recognized Muse in our school back then
And you are now
Who says it's not?
Zhao Muyan
He always looks high and mighty
I didn't expect to be so hungry in private.
Even this kind of stuff
If it gets out, it will make people laugh out loud
Hahaha, you can insult me.
If you insult Mu Yan
The consequences are not something you can bear
I didn't expect you to hold your breath for three breaths
Who here is not a hundred times stronger than you?
Thousand times
Just a lowly trash like you
All talk wildly
I really don't know why Mu Yan likes you?
Oh, I see.
I heard that the Zhao Group's funds are facing a lot of trouble
Soon to go bankrupt
I guess Mu Yan is looking for this kid
Is it to relieve stress?
I said Mu Yan.
You don't have to be so anxious
You only need to come and accompany me for a month
I'll discuss it with my dad then
Inject capital into your Zhao Group
You may not know
I still miss you in bed
That snow-white skin
That elastic feel
Sun Tzu Feng, what are you talking about?
How dare you find another woman in front of me
I'm ignoring you.
Hey, wife.
I'm just having fun with him
You are my true love
That's more like it.
Bitch like him
When you've had enough, reward him to your driver
The cook and the security guard
Anyway, he doesn't refuse anyone